README.md, before:

![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Microverse-blueviolet)

# Analytical Chemistry Digital Summit 2022

> Interactive website for the Analytical Chemistry Digital Summit 2022


## Built With

- Major languages: html, css, javascript
- Frameworks: Bootstrap 5
- Technologies used

## Live Demo 

[Live Demo Link](https://jaferidrees.github.io/Html_css_Capstone/)


## Getting Started

**This is an example of how you may give instructions on setting up your project locally.**
**Modify this file to match your project, remove sections that don't apply. For example: delete the testing section if the currect project doesn't require testing.**


To get a local copy up and running follow these simple example steps.

### Prerequisites

### Setup

### Install

### Usage

### Run tests

### Deployment



## Authors

👤 **Ja'fer Yousef**

- GitHub: [@githubhandle](https://github.com/jaferIdrees)
- Twitter: [@twitterhandle](https://twitter.com/jafel_l)
- LinkedIn: [LinkedIn](https://linkedin.com/in/jaferll)

👤 **Cindy Shin**

- https://www.behance.net/adagio07

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](../../issues/).

## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

## Acknowledgments

- Hat tip to anyone whose code was used
- Inspiration
- etc

## 📝 License

This project is [MIT](./MIT.md) licensed.

Commit message:

Review change-4 correct README file

README.md, after:

![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Microverse-blueviolet)

# Analytical Chemistry Digital Summit 2022

> Interactive website for the Analytical Chemistry Digital Summit 2022


## Built With

- Major languages: html, css, javascript
- Frameworks: Bootstrap 5
- Technologies used

## Live Demo 

[Live Demo Link](https://jaferidrees.github.io/Html_css_Capstone/)


## Getting Started

-Visit the [Live Demo] above.

To get a local copy up and running follow these simple example steps.

### Prerequisites

### Setup

### Install

### Usage

### Run tests

### Deployment



## Authors

👤 **Ja'fer Yousef**

- GitHub: [@githubhandle](https://github.com/jaferIdrees)
- Twitter: [@twitterhandle](https://twitter.com/jafel_l)
- LinkedIn: [LinkedIn](https://linkedin.com/in/jaferll)


## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](../../issues/).

## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

## Acknowledgments

- Special acknowledgement and thanks goes to Cindy Shin in Behance who invented the original design. @https://www.behance.net/adagio07

## 📝 License

This project is [MIT](./MIT.md) licensed.
